S: Oh, that looks tasty. [Takes a bite into plain bread.]
   May I ask you some questions, Ms. Hanekawa?
H: What is it?
S: No, hold on. First... I have to be convinced of this
   unbelievable sitation.
H: Wait, did I screw up something?
S: Hmm...
H: Umm... Ms. Senjyogahara?
S: Ms. Hanekawa, do you know about salad dressing?
H: Of course I know. You mean the stuff that's poured on
   salads occasionally?
S: I see. I see. About the three fried-egg factions... What
   do you think of those who use Worcestershire sauce, soy
   sauce, or pepper?
H: Oh, I heard rumors of people putting stuff on their fried
   eggs.
S: Yup, yup. Did you realize we had butter and jam in the
   fridge?
H: I saw them. You put them out for me yesterday. Oh, sorry.
   Did you want them?
S: [Rips apart plain bread.] A few more questions.
H: Go ahead.
S: About your eating habits...
H: My eating habits? I think my eating habits are very
   ordinary.
S: Soy sauce for sushi?
H: I don't dip.
S: Dipping sauce for tempura?
H: I don't dip.
S: Sugar in yogurt?
H: I don't put any.
S: Ketchup letters on hamburgers or omelets?
H: I don't write any.
S: Sauce on okonomiyaki?
H: I don't brush any.
S: Salt in a rice ball?
H: Not mixed in.
S: How many sugars in your coffee after a meal?
H: Black please.
S: Okay.
H: Oh, I get it now. I'm sorry, Ms. Senjyogahara, you're
   the type that uses salad dressing. That's why you were
   making that strange face.
S: No, I wasn't aware that people who don't use dressing
   existed till now. I've never seen anyone eat fried eggs
   plain and put out plain bread. Are you one of those
   people vehemently opposed to seasoning? The type that
   enjoys the ingredients' flavors?
H: It's not that. But isn't food delicious even without
   flavor?
S: There's the comment that seals the deal.
H: I'm just saying it's the same whether it has flavor or not.
S: They say secrets don't come from questioning, but slips
   of the tongue. Thank you for that meal. [Washing dishes]
   I completely take back my assertion that our tastes in
   food are similar. You're like the polar opposite of a
   picky eater. Not that you have no preferences either.
H: I'm sorry, Ms. Senjyogahara. I still don't really
   understand what you're saying.
S: A taste of home, huh? That's not it either, I guess it
   just means you accept any flavoring, Ms. Hanekawa. In
   the extreme, I'd say you just need it to be edible and
   nutritious. Or just filling if it's not nutritious?
H: Don't make me out to be some warrior!
S: That you can taste is a burden. If you're not enjoying
   each ingredient's flavor, I guess it ends up being that
   you have a big heart. But I think something's wrong with
   living like that, Ms. Hanekawa. It's not something limited
   to your eating habits. You always, you know... accept
   anything and everything as it comes your way. To have
   something you detest is about as important as having
   something you love. Yet you accept everything that comes
   your way, right? That may be the case with me, and may be
   the case with Araragi. At least that's what I think. It's
   not that we shared tastes in food. It was merely that your
   tastes in food completely enveloped my tastes. No, I don't
   think I can call your preferences tastes. Because if you
   like anything and everything they all end up being the
   same thing in the end.
